https://www.upwork.com/jobs/FrontEnd-Development-using-Gatsby_~01955db93a264fe74e/

Hi, Nima~
As a GatsbyJS specialist, I have rich hands-on experience in GatsbyJS and SASS and excel in them.
I have got proven record of React/GatsbyJS development history and have ever developed lots of designs into reusable components hundreds of times.

While converting designs into websites and I always place great emphasis on writing clean code by implementing best practices that ensure high performance and maintainability as well.
My deliverables are a pixel-perfect match with the design and responsiveness in all major browsers and different screen size devices.

And for about SASS part, I love SASS architecture & BEM methodology and am very familiar with its features like Mixin, Variables, Nesting, ...
In addition, I am very familiar with ClickUp and Hubstaff.

I'm confident I'm the right candidate for the position, and I'm willing to complete your project within your budget and timeline.
Looking forward to working with you.

Best regards

Vitalyi


Hi, Antony~
I will complete this project by 11.6.
As a seasoned and much experienced GatsbyJS developer, I have sufficient skill in this project.
Having a deep understanding of GatsbyJS plugins such as 'gatsby-transformer-remark', I have worked on many modern web application and site development projects by using Material UI as well.

As a good hand in GatsbyJS, I will convert your Figma design into pixel-perfect and mobile responsive GatsbyJS website till 6th Nov.

I'm confident I'm the right candidate for the position, and I'm willing to complete your project within your budget and timeline.
Looking forward to working with you.

Best regards
Vitalyi


Hi, Itay~
To connect the existing template into WordPress Headless CMS, we should follow these things:
-Install the WPGatsby & WPGraphQL plugins to your WordPress site
-Install WordPress plugin to the Gatsby site
-Configure the plugin with your WordPress credentials 
-Access all your WordPress data using GraphQL queries

I've developed the modern Gatsby websites many times with Headless CMS such as WordPress, Prismic, Contentful, and Strapi, which get the data through GraphQL.
These are my previous works(Gatsby and WordPress Headless CMS).

So I have good hands in this field.
For instance, if there are lots of images on your websites, to improve the site speed we should use the gatsby-plugin-image.
And also I always convert the designs to pixel-perfect results which are highly mobile responsive.

I think this rich experience definitely gives me an edge over the others.

I strongly believe that I could be one of the promising candidates as I have all qualities that could be a great asset for this job.
Looking forward to working with you.
Best regards

Vitalii


https://www.upwork.com/jobs/Front-End-Developer-React-Gatsby-etc-for-Marketing-Site_~0107924efa201e6fbb/

Hi, Jim
Here are my suggestions and questions:
-Is this your site static or dynamic site?
If it is a static website, I recommend using Netlify for the hosting server.
Because Netlify is focused on hosting static websites whereas Heroku is designed to host dynamic websites.
-I prefer to use GraphQL to get the contents from Strapi because GraphQL lets you ask for what you want in a single query.
How do you think?

To be successful in this job, I think the candidate needs to have rich hands-on experience in React development and Strapi Headless CMS.
As a seasoned React developer, I have developed several websites by using React, GatsbyJS, and NextJS and I know the ropes of React including many recommended libraries such as Redux Thunk & Saga, React Router, React Hooks, Gatsby plugins, and RESTful API/Apollo Graphql.
And also I built several Jamstack websites using the same tech stack: Strapi + GatsbyJS & Prismic + GatsbyJS as your project

Here are my previous working histories.

And I have enough knowledge of DevOps, have experience in Netlify, Heroku, Gatsby Cloud, and so on.
I have ever taken part in team working as a team member, so I got a deep knowledge of Git such as Git branch management, Git command, adding issues, planning on Git and $lack communication is fine for me.

These my experience makes me stand out and gives me an edge over the others.

I would like to discuss this in more detail and work with you to reuse my hands-on experience again.
Looking forward to hearing from you.
Regards,

Yurii

https://www.upwork.com/jobs/Convert-Wordpress-blog-headless-instance-and-set-Next-create-static-pages_~01a1900364df7316fe/

Hello!
My work will include setup Headless WordPress and migrate existing WordPress instances and convert existing HTML blog pages to NextJS, and I can implement it using Next.js, Tailwind CSS, and WordPress that are very familiar to me.
Once we move done, I will create a redirect file to set up 301 redirects to point to a new location.
I built several Jamstack websites using the same tech stack - Next.js + WordPress as your project

Here is my working history that was built with Next.js + WordPress CMS headless + Tailwind CSS

This is the bitcoin lottery website by using NextJS for the frontend and WordPress for the backend.
All data are fetching from Prismic by using GraphQL API and able to edit SEO content as well. (Blog and tutorial content, images, videos ... )

I would like to discuss this in more detail and work with you to reuse my hands-on experience again.
Looking forward to hearing from you.
Regards,

Yurii


https://www.upwork.com/jobs/Maintain-gastbyjs-website-and-blog_~013b822e9dc78d1eb0/

Hi, Benoist!
As a seasoned and much experienced React and Gatsby developer, I am excited to submit my proposal.
Having a deep understanding of React principles, I have worked on many modern web applications and site development projects by using React and Gatsby.

In many projects, I demonstrated my skills in React/Javascript/Typescript to improve the performance of React Application

What truly set me apart from other candidates, I always place a great emphasis on writing clean code by implementing best practices that ensure high performance and maintainability as well.

Hope to work with you to reuse my hands-on experience again.
Looking forward to hearing from you.
Regards,

Yurii
