Hello
Reading the job description, it seems that you might be looking for the savvy web designer/developer who has solid experience in Shopify.
I have strong experiences such as developing Api and plugins, templates using shopify.
I also have expert level knowledge of Graphics & Web design and I can suggest you good ideas to make your website look modern, clean and attractive
So I will bring you competitive and the best result that you're looking for and it might bring us futuristic cooperation in this field.
In recognition of this project specification, I will pose the reasonable and receptive budget and timeline that you can buy into.
Looking forward to working working with you.
If you want, please discuss it in detail through chatting.
THanks

Hello,
I have been working as a professional Shopify developer for 6 years and I've gained rich experience with it in other companies.
Just FYI, I had worked for 2 years with US partner Blue Stout, which is a great Shopify dev company.
As far as I'm concerned, I'm the most qualified for this job.
Also, I have good experiences with Frontend such as HTML5, Bootstrap and SCSS.

Here are some examples I have made before.

https://scooteretti.com/
https://www.shamansmarket.com/
https://heatfreehair.com/
https://shop.nuheara.com/products/iqbuds

I promise the best quality on time and 24/7 communication.
Also, I will work on your timezone.
I haven't ever made my employers angry who made a trust on me.
Please contact me for further discussion.
Thanks

* Senior shopify Developer *
Hello,
I am ready to help you on an immediate basis. I would love to discuss further, asap you schedule the interview.
Kindly check my profile I am a top rated developer and can do about anything with Php, CMS, Framework. You need not worry I will take care of your job and come up with flying colors very soon.
I am ready to start your project immediately and I have flexible working hours. I am available for chat/voice Interview to discuss this job further.
I have 10+ years of experience in PHP, Wordpress, Woocommerce, Cake Php, Codeigniter, Magento, Shopify, Laravel, Yii, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, CorelDRAW, HTML, CSS, Javascript, jQuery and My Sql.
Please review my past work at:

Hope you are doing well!
I'm a Shopify website expert, with over 6 years experience dealing with shopify store , I've previously worked on the exact same project for another employer So I can easily Complete your Website and I'm available to start right now.
I have 6+ years of experience in Shopify and developing Shopify apps, site migration, designing liquid themes, Shopify Templates, Shopify Polaris, Slate Theme, Integrating Api's, submitting apps to the Shopify app store, optimizing speed, resolving bugs and several other tasks related to core Shopify concepts, Product management, with strong command working in shopping cart and full payment gateway, shopping navigation.
I have previously built so many Shopify custom websites and also modified the existing sites as per clients requirement and expert in bug fixing and troubleshooting in many websites.
I am confident to handle this project and will provide you a quality solution.
Please drop me a message for quick discussion.
Thanks.

Hi There,
I checked all your requirements about boost theme which is very clear to me.
I am an expert in web design and shopify web development with extensive years of experience. would you like to give me references about your website for my better understanding? I can provide you with an eye-catching, modern, professional, minimalist design with unlimited revisions on the selected design.
Let's have a quick chat where I will share some recent work samples for you. I prefer link share in private chat only. Hope you understand. Feel free to initiate the chat. I am available to discuss the project in detail.