Let's Start Now!
I am sure to design perfect for your project " changes to color and logo ". I am a professional graphic designer with more than 3 years of working experience.
I will provide you high-quality designs within the given time frame.

What You'll get more?
• Unlimited revisions
• Competitive rates
• Work until client gets satisfied
• Get high-quality source files of the selected design.

I haven't shared my portfolio link as other freelancers copied my work previously. Please ping me to check some related designs as your project. :)
Thanks,
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hello Sir,
I am a professional Website developer with having more than 5 years of experience in this field also I have read your project description and I am interested in it Can we discuss more?

Note: Price and time will be given after complete requirements.

Regards
Ali Zain.

Hey!

I understand you want to have a website designed and coded for your "PHP Developer". We have extensive expertise with the website development and can definitely help you in this regard. Please find a few of our recent works as:

https://signals.network/
https://simplychocolate.dk/
https://www.fatboy.com
https://www.pages.xyz/

Our proposal goes as below:
1. We will start developing home page layouts with 02 Design concepts to choose from. The concepts are open to revisions until you approve the home page layout.

2. Once the home page design is approved, we will provide you with inner pages designs that are open to revisions until you are satisfied.

3. Integration of homepage and inner pages with WordPress as CMS and setting up all the links so that you can easily manage your website from the backend.

4. The site would be 100% responsive to Desktops/Mobiles/Tabs. The site would be tested for cross-browser compatibility through w3c.org standards and speed optimization through Google Page Speed parameters as defined by gtmetrix.com.

Please send a message to discuss this project more.
Thank you
Ali Zain.